# Huxon Containerized Sensor Examples

This repository contains a set of examples to create containerized sensors that can be uploaded and used in the Huxon platform, to provide data within the various deployed algorithms of your IoT solutions.

The examples can be coded in the following languages:

- C
- Python
- NodeJS

## Instructions

To correctly build the example containers, run the following:

```bash
cd examples/<preferred language>
docker build -t <name of the sensor> -f Dockerfile --build-arg ARCH_TYPE=<architecture type> . 
```

Note that the architecture type can be provided as a build argument, and it needs to match the target architecture, where the module will run. E.g. a raspberry is based on ARM, therefore ARCH_TYPE needs to be `arm32v7`.

You may now push the docker image to your private/public registry and use it within the Huxon platform, when defining the corresponding containerized sensor.

## Develop your own module

To develop a custom module, follow the steps below, or otherwise use the dedicated scripts that automate the process.

### Automatic setup

1. Run the module creation step

```bash
bash scripts/create_dev_module.sh -m <module-name> -t <template> -d <destination-dir>
```

2. Run the module simulation step

```bash
bash scripts/run_dev_module.sh -c <connection-string> -d <destination-dir>
```

### Manual setup

1. Install python dependencies. The preferred python version is 3.9

```bash
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Create a new development module in the `dev` directory. Select a module name and a template (e.g. c|csharp|java|nodejs|python|csharpfunction)

```bash
# In case a nodejs is used, please install the following as well, provided you have npm installed in the system
npm install -g yo # Yeoman
npm install -g generator-azure-iot-edge-module

mkdir dev/<dest-dir> && cd dev/<dest-dir>
iotedgedev new -m <module-name> -t <template> .
```

3. Build the development module

```bash
iotedgedev build
```

4. Setup the IoT Edge device. For this you will need the connection string which can be provided in Huxon at the infrastructure setup step, where the various local nodes are defined. This step requires the sudo permissions

```bash
sudo iotedgehubdev setup -c "<connection-string>" -g edgehub
```

5. Run the simulation of the various edge modules to see the various messages being generated by the module. Be sure to use the correct architecture type, depending on the target architecture of the node that the module will be run.

```bash
iotedgehubdev start -d config/deployment.amd64.json -v
```

Now that everything is setup, you can modify and customize the module with your code, for instance using the code in the provided examples.

Once you change and modify the module run the following steps to re-build and re-deploy it (from the root directory of the module):

```bash
iotedgedev build
iotedgehubdev stop
iotedgehubdev start -d config/deployment.amd64.json -v
```
